# Scoreboard

## Follow these steps to setup the Project

-   <details><summary>Frontend Folder Structure</summary>

    The application has the following frontend folder structure:

    `src` folder which contains your working files that will be used later to create the build. the src folder contains folders as:

    -   `actions` - the instructions the user issue to the redux to either write or fetch data from the store;

    -   `components` - this module consists of a collection of UI components of your project;

    -   `context` - contains all your context files;

    -   `images` - contains all images used in your project ;

    -   `pages` - this module contains the general components for CRUD:

        -   `CRUD/Users` folder, which includes `form`, `helpers`, `page`, `tables` folders;

        -   `dashboard` folder;

        -   `error` folder;

        -   `login` folder;

        -   `reset` folder;

        -   `starter` folder;

        -   `user` folder;

        -   `verify` folder.

    -   `reducer` - contains functions that take actions from the application, perform an action and return a new state based on the action passed into it.

    `public` - is the web-accessible root of the site. Basically whatever is in that folder can be opened from the browser address bar. The server won't provide user access to files outside the public.
    </details>

-   Backend:

    <details><summary>Backend Folder Structure</summary>

    The generated application has the following backend folder structure:

    `src` folder which contains your working files that will be used later to create the build. The src folder contains folders as:

    -   `auth` - config the library for authentication and authorization;

    -   `db` - contains such folders as:

        -   `api` - documentation that is automatically generated by jsdoc or other tools;

        -   `migrations` - is a skeleton of the database or all the actions that users do with the database;

        -   `models`- what will represent the database for the backend;

        -   `seeders` - the entity that creates the data for the database.

    -   `routes` - this folder would contain all the routes that you have created using Express Router and what they do would be exported from a Controller file;

    -   `services` - contains such folders as `emails` and `notifications`.
    </details>

-   Database: mySQL

## To start the project:

### Backend:

> Please change current folder: `cd backend`

#### Adjust local db:

Windows:

1. Download MySQL database server from the following link: ([http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/](http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/)).
2. Install the package and select Server Machine as the configuration type.

    ***

#### Create database:

`yarn db:create`

#### Start production build:

`yarn start`

### Frontend:

> Please change current folder: `cd frontend`

### Quick Start

#### 1. Run `yarn install`

This will install both run-time project dependencies and developer tools

#### 2. Run `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.

Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.

#### 3. Run `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the build folder.
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.
Your app is ready to be deployed!
